Expand `Guest difficulty` (#6482)
ppy/osu-wiki: wiki/Beatmap/Guest_difficulty/en.md

*For regulations surrounding guest difficulties, see: [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria)*

> A **guest difficulty** (or *GD* for short) is a [difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) that is not created by the [beatmap host](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_host). They can usually be identified by their difficulty name which contains the guest creator's username.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A **guest difficulty** (*GD*) is a [difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) that is not created by the [beatmap host](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_host). They can usually be identified by their difficulty name which contains the guest creator's username.
```

Author: o i think i'll leave this as is since i feel like it's rather awkward to have that description omitted from the line

> A **guest difficulty** (or *GD* for short) is a [difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) that is not created by the [beatmap host](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_host). They can usually be identified by their difficulty name which contains the guest creator's username.

Reviewer 2: very nitpicky/technical but "containing" isn't the same as "which contains" here and I think the verb was intentional. the former makes "difficulty name containing the guest creator's username" the way to identify GDs, while the latter reduces it to just "difficulty name", followed by explanation of what's in the diff name. the latter also makes a definite statement abt what to expect in the diff name, even though this sentence begins with "can *usually* be identified"

so basically...
```suggestion
A **guest difficulty** (or *GD* for short) is a [difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) that is not created by the [beatmap host](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_host). They can usually be identified by their difficulty name containing the guest creator's username.
```

> Although not mandatory, having guest difficulties can be beneficial in many occasions as they often feature a completely different mapping approach between one another (therefore diversifying the mapset) and help reduce mapping burnout. Guest difficulties are most commonly requested through private messages between creators, although they may also be requested by other means such as the in-game `#mapping` channel or [modding queues](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/60)<!-- TODO: should link to an article about queues, not the forum -->.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Although not mandatory, having guest difficulties can be beneficial in many occasions as they often feature a completely different mapping style between one another, which diversifies the mapset, and help reduce mapping burnout. Guest difficulties are most commonly requested through private messages between creators, although they may also be requested by other means such as the in-game `#mapping` channel or [modding queues](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/60)<!-- TODO: should link to an article about queues, not the forum -->.
```

> Although not mandatory, having guest difficulties can be beneficial in many occasions as they often feature a completely different mapping approach between one another (therefore diversifying the mapset) and help reduce mapping burnout. Guest difficulties are most commonly requested through private messages between creators, although they may also be requested by other means such as the in-game `#mapping` channel or [modding queues](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/60)<!-- TODO: should link to an article about queues, not the forum -->.

Reviewer: I think you're reading into it a bit far - all it's saying is that GDs make sets more varied and reduce the load on the host, and I'd say that's a very mild take at best

> Although not mandatory, having guest difficulties can be beneficial in many occasions as they often feature a completely different mapping approach between one another (therefore diversifying the mapset) and help reduce mapping burnout. Guest difficulties are most commonly requested through private messages between creators, although they may also be requested by other means such as the in-game `#mapping` channel or [modding queues](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/60)<!-- TODO: should link to an article about queues, not the forum -->.

Author: decided to go with walavouchy's suggestion instead http://github.com/ppy/osu-wiki/pull/6482#discussion_r760791046

> Guest difficulties are not to be confused with difficulties that feature multiple creators, which are instead known as [collaborative difficulties](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_collaborations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Guest difficulties are not to be confused with difficulties that feature multiple creators, which are instead known as *[collabs](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_collaborations)*.
```

> ## Guest difficulty ownership

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
## Ownership
```
...maybe. just seems redundant.

> ![](img/gd_ownership.png)

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
::: Infobox
![](img/gd_ownership.png "An example of guest difficulty ownership")
:::
```

> ![](img/gd_ownership.png)

Reviewer 2: could use a simple title

```suggestion
![](img/gd_ownership.png "\"Difficulty Owner\" menu on the website")
```

> On the [beatmap discussion page](wiki/Beatmap_Discussion), the beatmap host may hand over ownership of guest difficulties present in the beatmap to their respective creators through the `Difficulty Owner` button. This allows for the guest difficulty owners to answer and resolve pending issues in their difficulties on their own.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
On the [beatmap discussion page](wiki/Beatmap_Discussion), the beatmap host may transfer ownership of guest difficulties to their respective creators through the `Difficulty Owner` button. This allows for the guest difficulty owners to resolve pending issues in their difficulties on their own.
```

*For regulations surrounding guest difficulties, see: [Ranking Criteria](/wiki/Ranking_Criteria)*

> A **guest difficulty** (or *GD* for short) is a [difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) that is not created by the [beatmap host](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_host). They can usually be identified by their difficulty name containing the guest creator's username.

Reviewer: > o i think i'll leave this as is since i feel like it's rather awkward to have that description omitted from the line

i suggested removing it to be consistent with other instances of acronyms, but i suppose something like this could work as well. i disagree with having parentheses if it fits fit the flow of the sentence anyway (most of the time)

so either what i suggested or this

```suggestion
A **guest difficulty*, or *GD* for short, is a [difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) that is not created by the [beatmap host](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_host). They can usually be identified by their difficulty name containing the guest creator's username.
```

Reviewer 4: I think your suggestion is missing a `*`.

> A **guest difficulty**, or *GD* for short, is a [difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) that is not created by the [beatmap host](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_host). They can usually be identified by their difficulty name containing the guest creator's username.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
A **guest difficulty**, or *GD* for short, is a [difficulty](/wiki/Beatmap/Difficulty) of a [beatmap](/wiki/Beatmap) that is not created by the [beatmap host](/wiki/Beatmap/Beatmap_host). It can usually be identified by its name containing the guest mapper's username.
```

> Although not mandatory, having guest difficulties can be beneficial in many occasions as they often feature completely different mapping styles between one another, which diversifies the mapset, and help reduce mapping burnout. Guest difficulties are most commonly requested through private messages between creators, although they may also be requested by other means such as the in-game `#mapping` channel or [modding queues](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/60)<!-- TODO: should link to an article about queues, not the forum -->.

Reviewer 5: ```suggestion
Although not mandatory, having guest difficulties can be beneficial in many occasions as they often feature completely different mapping styles between one another, which diversifies the mapset, and helps reduce mapping burnout. Guest difficulties are most commonly requested through private messages between creators, although they may also be requested by other means such as the in-game `#mapping` channel or [modding queues](https://osu.ppy.sh/community/forums/60)<!-- TODO: should link to an article about queues, not the forum -->.
```
